2018.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 17)
 * General: Support for new devices. No change to functionality.

2018.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2018.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 16)
 * General: Add cstring include to run_bitacc_cmodel.c to allow correct compilation with some later versions of GCC. No change to functionality.
 * General: Disable unnecessary C model debug output when dithering enable. No change to functionality.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 15)
 * General: Add cstdlib include to run_bitacc_cmodel to allow correct compilation with later versions of GCC. No change to functionality.

2017.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 14)
 * General: Comment change in C model. No change to functionality
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2016.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2016.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 13)
 * General: Support for Spartan7 devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2016.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 12)
 * Fix in common c model utilities package for handling of arrays of real types in Matlab
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 11)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 10)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * GUI PINC calculation when using System parameters in Rasterized Mode corrected
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Addition of MEX wrapper

2015.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 8)
 * C model updated to increase maximum Frequency Resolution from 10kHz to 125MHz.
 * Performance improved for cases above SFDR of 120dB or output width 20bits.
 * C model bugfix for situation where accumulator width could differ by 1 bit from that used by the IP core.
 * Addition of Beta support for future devices
 * Additional parameter checking added to C model
 * Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices
 * GUI behaviour changed so that Phase_Out appears by default when both phase_generator and sin_cos lut are selected
 * GUI changed to add explicit error message for out-of-range System clock.
 * C models are no longer provided for 32-bit operating systems as Vivado has deprecated 32-bit OS support

2014.4.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time
 * Enabled out-of-context clock frequency setting by adding FREQ_HZ parameter to clock interface aclk_intf

2014.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 6)
 * DDS_Clock_Rate maximum value limit relaxed to 1000MHz. The actual maximum achievable will be determined by configuration and device.
 * C model smoke test run_bitacc_cmodel.c updated to correctly print negative values for sine and cosine when debug is enabled.  Also removed "using namespace std" line and replaced with "std::" where necessary.

2014.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 5)
 * DDS_Clock_Rate maximum value of 550MHz may restrict designs on new, fast devices. Setting Parameter Entry to Hardware_parameters can be used to work around the restriction.

2014.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 4)
 * sin_cos.vhd and sin_cos_quad_rast.vhd changed to work around simulation warnings. This change does not affect the behavior or performance of the core.
 * C models for Windows are compiled using Microsoft Visual Studio 2012
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Netlists created by write_verilog and write_vhdl are IEEE P1735 encrypted, with keys for supported simulators so that netlist simulation can still be done
 * Enable third party synthesis tools to read encrypted netlists (but not source HDL)
 * Support for Virtex Ultrascale devices at Pre-Production Status

2013.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Fixed issue in GUI regarding illegal Phase_Angle_Values when Rasterized Mode_of_Operation was selected.
 * Missing GUI tooltips added.
 * GUI dependency between DSP48_Use and Latency corrected.
 * Support for Kintex Ultrascale devices at Pre-Production Status

2013.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Cosmetic GUI changes to table header row, no change in functionality
 * Fixed issue where the behavior of 2-channel rasterized configurations produced incorrect outputs; see Xilinx Answer 56597.
 * Fixed issue of incorrect sign extension of M_AXIS_PHASE_TDATA for Rasterized configurations.
 * Behavioral VHDL model replaced by Encrypted RTL. For more information on this change please refer to the Migrating and Upgrading section in the Product Guide
 * Fixed issue of C model crash when calling reset function with configurations without a phase generator.
 * Internal standardization in source file delivery, does not change behavior
 * Support for Automotive Artix-7, Automotive Zynq, Defense Grade Artix-7, Defense Grade Zynq and Lower Power Artix-7 devices at Production Status
 * Added default constraints for out of context flow
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Removed C model dependency on stlport (STL Portability) library; C model now uses STL built into the compiler
 * Windows C model DLLs are statically linked to the Windows C run-time (CRT) library, to remove the runtime dependency on MSVCRT90.dll, which can cause problems when using the C model in a Windows compiler other than Visual Studio 2008

2013.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Support for Series 7 devices at Production status
 * Repackaged IP to remove internal debug ports from GUI symbol
 * Beta support for future devices
 * Removing support for Defense Grade Low Power Artix7

2013.1:
 * Version 6.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * Added support for Zynq
 * Added C model
 * Added Rasterized Mode of Operation feature
 * Added Resync Feature
 * Added Output Form Feature
 * Fixed issue of AR42351. The TLAST signal in 2-channel configurations could initialize to the wrong value.
 * Fixed issue of AR40551. The first cycle following the de-assertion of ARESETn could previously be ignored.
 * Fixed issue where the S_AXIS_CONFIG channel could reach a lock-up state in certain mark-space patterns of ACLKEN.
 * Fixed issue of AR51915. The demonstration testbench could give syntax errors in certain configurations.

(c) Copyright 2006 - 2018 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
